Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/waypoint.md

---
title: Waypoint
test: n/a
---

> A waypoint refers to the L7 proxy component of {{< gloss >}}ambient{{< /gloss >}} {{< gloss >}}data plane mode{{< /gloss >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A waypoint refers to the L7 proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient)  [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) .
```

> A waypoint refers to the L7 proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient) [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A waypoint refers to the L7 proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient) data plane mode.
`

> A waypoint refers to the L7 proxy component of [ambient](/docs/reference/glossary/#ambient) [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode).

Reviewer 2: L7 is confusing with a  tunnel being L7 based. Suggest to call it simply HTTP: "to the HTTP proxy component"

> A waypoint runs on a per-namespace basis and handles all traffic entering that namespace.

Reviewer 2: per namespace or per service account
